README.md, before:

# flashlight

A firmware for flashlight driver based on ATtiny13A.

Public domain - see file UNLICENSE.

Status: **beta**.

##Hardware

Designed for power button (not tact one), one Li-Ion cell. 

![Schematic](docs/Main.png) 

- PB0 - one AMC7135
- PB1- two AMC7135's
- PB3 - divider 19k1 and 4k7 between VCC and GND (for battery monitoring); you can calibrate monitoring for other values (see below)
- PB4 - resistor 1M and then ceramic capacitor 1u to GND (for off-time measurement)

*Note:* well-known AK-47A driver can be easy modified for this schematic. Just cut connection to Q3 and connect it with R5 and solder R6+C2. [AK-47A Schematic](docs/AK-47A.png) .

##Handling

Tree modes: 0.35A, 0.7A, 1.05A. No PWM. Quick off-on to switch to next mode. Remembers last selected mode.

Will blink periodically if battery is low (< 3.5V) and power off in battery is empty (< 3.0V). But exact voltage may very for different chips.

##Calibration

You can define your own battery low and empty levels.

1. Switch the flashlight off. 
2. Short PB2 to GND (to calibrate battery empty level) or to VCC (to calibrate battery low level). 
3. Switch the flashlight on. It starts to blink. 
4. Release the PB2. Flashlight binks slower.
5. Calibration is done.

##Programming

Fuses (avrdude format):

>-U lfuse:w:0x7a:m -U hfuse:w:0xff:m

Commit message:

minimal mode; special modes; double click; improve battery management; configuration

README.md, after:

# flashlight

A firmware for flashlight driver based on ATtiny13A.

Public domain - see file UNLICENSE.

Status: **beta**.

##Hardware

Designed for power button (not tact one) and one Li-Ion cell. 

![Schematic](docs/Main.png) 

- PB0 - one AMC7135
- PB1- two AMC7135's
- PB3 - divider 19k1 and 4k7 between VCC and GND (for battery monitoring); you can calibrate monitoring for other values (see below)
- PB4 - resistor 1M and then ceramic capacitor 1u to GND (for off-time measurement)

*Note:* well-known AK-47A driver can be easy modified for this schematic. Just cut connection to Q3 and connect it with R5 and solder R6+C2. [AK-47A Schematic](docs/AK-47A.png) .

##Handling

Four main modes: 3.5mA, 0.35A, 0.7A, 1.05A. Quick off-on to switch to next mode. Remembers last selected mode.

Quick double off-on to go to special modes: beacon, strobe and SOS. Quick double off-on again to return to main modes loop.

Will go to 0.35A mode automatically and blink periodically if battery is low (< 3.5V), then go to minimum mode (< 3.2V) and later power off when battery is empty (< 3.0V). But exact voltage may very for different chips.

##Calibration

You can define your own battery low and empty levels, if your recompile the firmware with ENABLE_CALIBRATION=1. Then:

1. Switch the flashlight off. 
2. Short PB2 to GND (to calibrate battery empty level) or to VCC (to calibrate battery low level). 
3. Switch the flashlight on. It starts to blink. 
4. Release the PB2. Flashlight binks slower.
5. Calibration is done.

Or just define your values in code.

##Programming

Fuses (avrdude format):

>-U lfuse:w:0x3a:m -U hfuse:w:0xff:m
